# BytoZ

# go_great

**HF24-69 | Universitas Negeri Malang**

* **Daffa Damadhika Arkananta** - **Hacker**
* **Tabi'inah Lutfia** - **Hipster**
* **Muhammad Hanif Abdur Razaq** - **Hustler**
* **Mohamad Tegar Deyustian Muslim** - **Hacker**

# GoGreat

GoGreat is a platform that connects investors, corporates, and talents who are interested in AI project development collaboration. GoGreat is a bridge that brings together the brightest minds and the boldest visionaries who want to shape the future with AI from investors to talents.

It is a one-stop solution for creating, collaborating, funding, and facilitating AI projects that can solve real-world problems. 

It is a community of AI enthusiasts who want to make a positive impact on the world with AI. It is a platform that fosters innovation, collaboration, and value creation for all stakeholders in the AI field.


*Note that this application still under development

# Features

GoGreat has the following features:

1. **User-Friendly Interface:**
   A user-friendly interface that allows you to search, create, join, or sponsor AI projects on the app.

2. **Flexible Project Management:**
   A flexible and customizable project management system in Discord and GitHub that enables you to specify your project requirements, budget, timeline, and expected outcomes.

3. **Secure Data Access:**
   A secure and reliable data access and sharing system that allows you to provide or access project data needed or generated by the AI project on the provided platform.

4. **Collaborative Communication:**
   A collaborative and communicative platform that allows you to interact with other AI stakeholders, such as talents, sponsors, and experts. Communication can be done through Discord or email.

5. **Rewarding and Recognition:**
   A rewarding and recognition system that allows you to earn shares and incentives for your contributions to the AI project. Receive feedback and recognition for your work from other AI stakeholders.

6. **Learning and Growth:**
   A learning and growth system that allows you to learn, explore, and experiment within the AI project. Improve your skills and knowledge in AI by participating in online events and workshops.

# Requirements

**Device:**
* Android device

**Software:**
* Flutter SDK (https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install)
* Development platform (Android Studio, VS Code, etc.)

# Getting Started

1. **Install Flutter:**
   If you haven't installed Flutter yet, you can find installation instructions [here](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install).
2. **Clone the Repository:**
   Pull this GitHub repository using the following command:
   ```bash
   git pull
3. Run the following command in your terminal to get the required dependencies:
    ```bash
    flutter pub get
5. Ensure your computer is connected to a physical device or an emulator.
6. Go to lib/main.dart and run command flutter run or just press run if you using GUI.
    ```bash
    flutter run
8. Enjoy




If you want the apk version just download to a link here :
[Download Here!](https://drive.google.com/file/d/156wTKmPSxFYWJeTRT_EZIWsKgL2Wc3qf/view?usp=drive_link"Download")
